Introduce new Candlepin changes (#1932)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_importing-a-subscription-manifest-into-foreman-server.adoc

This is for users of the Katello plug-in and Red Hat operating systems only.
endif::[]

[NOTE]
====

> If Simple Content Access (SCA) is enabled on your organization and you import a non-SCA manifest, it will show as SCA.

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand this. Is this relevant for the user?

Reviewer 2: Here's a better way to put it:

```suggestion
Simple Content Access (SCA) is now set on the organization, not the manifest. Importing a manifest will not change your organization's Simple Content Access status.
```

Author: Thanks! looks like I didn't quite catch the meaning first time.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, ensure the context is set to the organization you want to use.

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Subscriptions* and click *Import a Manifest*.

Reviewer 2: The "Import a Manifest" button only appears when no manifest is imported. It may be better to stick to the old instructions here.

Author: Addressed :+1:
